# Flavigula

This space is intentionally a part of the void.
Having stating the credo of this site and our lives, but before expounding on what may, to some, appear to be a type marmot or ware-bunny, please do one of five things:

* Peruse the releases page
* Go directly to Funkwhale @ thurk.org, where much of our music is available
* Hear the newest album - Podél Směrů
* Listen to the epoch-end improvised drones
* There is no 5
* Disregard these links and continue reading

=> releases.gmi Flavigula Releases
=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/artists/1/ Funkwhale
=> https://flavigula.bandcamp.com/album/pod-l-sm-r Podél Směrů
=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/144/ Hap Jaum Sima Liz (Ice Drones)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As stated on the bandcamp page and possibly in other places:

Flavigula wavers in crepuscular zones, modulating among ripples and maelstroms, within spectra of snow and hailstones. Neither she makes delineations among the pleasing and unsightly, nor distinctions within the crystalline, shifting phase. Bounding in abstract landscapes, she thrives.


Of course, that is slightly pretentious and says nothing about the musical project itself. I, the writer of these pages, am the main composer and player, although my compatriot in sound sculpting, Christian Michael Newman, can be credited with myriad ideas and end-game scenarios. The bassist in "residence", a Kris Boudreau from Moncton, New Brunswick has also contributed to recent arrangements (whether he knows it or not).

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Our hara exuded a dark ambient album, if one were to put a genre on it, on 8 January. It is titled Podél Směrů[a]. Four pieces take the listener among the flotsam (and possibly also the jetsam) of an emulated semi-wakeful state. Of course, that particular description may only be fitting for a small swath of the poplace. Do have a listen and form your own opinion.

For a bit over a week, until the end of the previous calendar-bounded epoch, improvised drones were being released daily on Funkwhale[b]. Lull yourself into enlightenment by listening!

Kredenc Kopců[c] was released on 30 September. It's journey lilts along circuitous, tenebrous paths. Your legs becomes rubbery and twisted as your listen, tumbling you into soft weeds, but also ultimately presenting enlightenment. 

It's our second album with Submarine Broadcasting Company[d] and we are very happy with the results. Among the usual suspects, a dextrous Jayrope[e] also guests on percussion.

The appropriately titled previous album, Za Rušení[f] was available 7 December of the previous common epoch.

Were you not compressed into a singularity by the previous few paragraphs, you'd visit myriad other places suited to Flavigula listening:

Firstly, our bandcamp[g] page.

Secondly, the thurk.org funkwhale[h] is brimming with both current and antique Flavigula. These include Omnivorous Expanse[i] (also on Bandcamp[j]), a project with Tim Rowe, and Morning Ambience[k], a series of improvisations surveying early morning moods from last June in Praha.

Since I mentioned Tim Rowe, his music can be found on bandcamp[l].

And Kris Boudreau has a number of fantastic atmospheric releases[m].

Furthermore -
Upon the venerable Audius[n] floats Flavigula albums.
Spotify, Deezer, Youtube, etc, also have our stuff.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

=> ../index.gmi tzifur

=> https://flavigula.bandcamp.com/album/pod-l-sm-r a. Podél Směrů
=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/144/ b. Hap Jaum Sima Liz
=> https://submarinebroadcastingco.bandcamp.com/album/kredenc-kopc c. Kredenc Kopců
=> https://submarinebroadcastingco.bandcamp.com/ d. Submarine Broadcasting Company itself
=> https://aircushionfinish.bandcamp.com/ e. Jayrope & Air Cushion Finish
=> https://flavigula.bandcamp.com/album/za-ru-en f. Za Rušení at Bandcamp
=> https://flavigula.bandcamp.com g. Flavigula Bandcamp
=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org h. Thurk.Org Funkwhale
=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/14/ i. Omnivorous Expanse on Funkwhale
=> https://timroweflavigula.bandcamp.com/releases j. Omnivorous Expanse on Bandcamp
=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/110/ k. Morning Ambience
=> https://timrowe.bandcamp.com/ l. Tim Rowe on Bandcamp
=> https://kynduum.bandcamp.com/ m. Kris Boudreau on Bandcamp
=> https://audius.co/flavigula n. Flavigula on Audius
