# Flavigula Releases

## Podél Směrů

2022-01-08

These pieces are based on improvisations that were discharged by a guitar and its associated sonic manipulation devices during 2021.

Recorded in Logroño, Prague, Seminole, Myrtle Beach and Moncton.

Bob Murry Shelton - Guitar, Synth, Treatments
Christian Michael Newman - Voice, Treatments, Cover Art
Kris Boudreau - Electric Bass and associated sonic manipulation devices

Lyrics to Vlci by Renata Connors.

Mixed and mastered by Flavigula.

Funolja is konum soxel
Nole lem sol isiz jo
Lofez sol tzija
Li an mikekon zana topen

V lese leží těla roztrhaná vlky a vrány spí

=> https://flavigula.bandcamp.com/album/pod-l-sm-r Bandcamp
=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/151 Funkwhale

## Kredenc Kopců

2021-09-30

Written and recorded between January 2020 and June 2021 in Fresneda de la Sierra Tirón, Logroño, Myrtle Beach, Jerez de la Frontera, Moncton, Berlin and Prague.
Arranged, Mixed and Mastered by Flavigula
All music and lyrics by Flavigula
Excepting the lyrics to Malý Brožka Byl Chirurg, written by Renata Connors
Artwork by Christian Michael Newman

Flavigula is -
Bob Murry Shelton & Christian Michael Newman
With -
Kris Boudreau & Jayrope

And -
Rob plays an F

Various wraiths found on ancient cassette tapes occasionally appear, as well

Thanks to Michal Brožka, James Csaszar, Rob at Submarine Broadcasting, Renata Connors, Dani García, Kris Boudreau, Jayrope & Fritzie the teleporting canine

=> https://submarinebroadcastingco.bandcamp.com/album/kredenc-kopc Bandcamp
=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/127 Funkwhale

## Za Rušení

2020-12-07

Initially, this album was to be a collection of "noise" pieces for the infamous Noisevember. The idea was to take a series of between 3 and 5 notes generated randomly by a Bash script as each piece's basis. The concept lasted for less than half of the cycle, but the aleatory spirit lived on.

The music evolved as a unit into something more than a mere month-long writing binge and is collected here as a (hopefully!) coherent whole.

Bob Murry Shelton - Guitar, Modular Synth, Sequencers, Effects, Supercollider, Treatments, Samplers, Dim Inner Glow
Christian Michael Newman - Mumbling, Guitar, Effects, Digital Lettuce Engineering, Dim Outer Glow

Composed, Recorded, Mixed and Mastered By Flavigula
Cover by Christian

=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/60/ Za Rušení
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Songs For Looptober

2020-11-05

Loops, loops of loops, and manipulated loops, all painted thickly onto a canvas where the paint is allowed to run for a while.

Bob Murry Shelton - Guitar, Effects, Modular Synth, Korg Minilogue, Korg NTS-1, Supercollider
Christian Michael Newman - Cover art, various doodlings, voice.

The sampled voices of Elvia and Jayson appear from time to time, as well.

=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/23/ Songs For Looptober
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Jēmaraz

2020-09-15

Compositions by Bob Murry Shelton
Words and artwork by Christian Michael Newman

Bob Murry Shelton: Guitar, Ukulele, SBUP[1], Mullah[2], Boris[3], Kalimba, Supercollider, Myriad effects, Pocket operators, Monotron Duo & Delay, no mutterings
Christian Michael Newman: Vocals, Guitar, Torsioned synth, Various effects, myriad mutterings
Kris Boudreau: Electric bass guitar
Matthew Riley Walsh, Attorney at Law: Electric bass guitar on "Hand 23", a single note (also on electric bass guitar)[4] on "Dobruszka a Její Vepřík".
Miloslav Pušonjić: Ductile piano

Percussion samples recorded and rethurked by Christian and / or Bob during various recent epochs

Weaving in and out of the atmospheres are the voices of the Yak, Elvia, Herb Newman, Bartoloměj Brožka, Daniel Brožka, Michal Brožka and the wraiths of Logroño

Arrangements by Bob, Christian and the Yak

Thanks to Rob from Submarine Broadcasting Company, to Daniel García from the land of cinematic madness, and to Michal Brožka from the heights of moonspiration

1) Shambal Brambel's Undulating Platypus, the given name of a small, versitile modular synth who kindly took up residence in the studio
2) A mini Korg kit hybrid synth
3) The Korg Minologue, named after an old associate, who happens to be the Yak
4) Anyone who identifies this note and a number of its qualities will be sent a special prize constructed manually by a creature who played no guitar on this album, though possibly could have, had he not been occupied by playing jazz in dive bars in Brno

=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/21/ Jēmaraz
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Omnivorous Expanse

2020-06-08

Sometimes, The Universe conspires to orchestrate unseen, certain events, meetings, etc. in a serendipitous way.

Such was the case for the tracks you hear on this album.

Two people who, as their relationship develops, realise that they perhaps have more in common than first appeared to be the case: musical tastes, influences and even some philosophical and metaphysical interests.

Somehow, despite different abilities and not having known each other for long, something "clicked" and, almost alchemically, tracks came together -- as if they had lives of their own.

Tim Rowe - voice, synthesizer & drum programming
Bob Murry Shelton - guitar, tenor ukulele, modular synth, other synths and effects

Words by Tim except for "Universal Curtains" by William Blake and "Möbius Institute" by Edgar Allan Poe
Music by Bob and Tim
Arrangements by Bob
Cover by fragment scenario
=> https://fragmentscenario.com Fragment Scenario

=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/14/ Omnivorous Expanse
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Älläï

2019-12-16

"Allai" is the idea of looking yonder, up, over there, or on the bright side. It is the vast, yawning abstraction that engulfs you from any one of those places.

It's also the name of a plastic penguin that our imaginary flute player had as a child. That penguin meant everything. Please consider this whilst you listen.

Bob Murry Shelton - guitar, myriad effects, a modular synth named "THE FURNACE", Supercollider, sneezings, brief mutterings
Christian Michael Newman - pink fuzz, voice, palmas, extensive mutterings and caffeination
James Anthony Hogard - bass
Matthew Riley Walsh, Attorney at Law - piano

Music composed by Bob
Lyrics to Fold by Christian
Lyrics to House of Strength and Love by Bob & Christian
Edited and arranged by Bob & Christian
Cover art by Christian

Thanks to Daniel García for inspiration.

=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/5/ Älläï
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Za Rohem

2019-12-04

I was informed of the existence of "Noisevember" a day or two before the month began. The challenge was to create one noise piece per day. As one can see, my result was 21 pieces, not 30. I skipped many days and also did two or three other days.

I added more melody than I originally intended, but what spewed from my hara is what spewed from my hara.

Bob Murry Shelton - Guitar, Effects, Modular Synth, Supercollider.
Christian Michael Newman - Acoustic guitar on Čtrnáct, Various Mumblings.

Mixed and mastered by the Yellow Throated Marten.

=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/2/ Za Rohem
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Bons Mots

2019-06-18

A year in the making, the piece started out as a series of modal drones merging into one another, transforming harmony and texture. Melodies and progression began to surface from the roiling fog, becoming tangible and giving the mists colour and flailing hands. Finally, a narrative shaped itself throughout the cloud's membrane.

The man and the eye. Which is observing whom?

Bob Murry Shelton - Guitar, Effects, Modular Synth, Modální Mlhy
Christian Michael Newman - Voice, Radioscapes, Soundscapes, Ctihodný Oko, Cover Concept and Art

Composition by Bob Murry Shelton
Words by Christian Michael Newman
Arranged, Mixed and Mastered by Flavigula

=> https://funkwhale.thurk.org/library/albums/1/ Bons Mots


=> gemini://thurk.org/flavigula/index.gmi tzifur
=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju

@flavigula@sonomu.club
CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
