# Martenblog
=> tw1.gmi funolu (previous)
Twtxt 2
=> tw3.gmi potonolu (next)
=> gemini://thurk.org/cgi-bin/twtxt-search.py Search the twtxt


### 2022-01-10 19.02 UTC
I'm slowly making my way through 'Monobiopsychosis', the third in the 'miniatures' series. My lethargy has been peaking the last few days. I have little desire to do ANYTHING. It's lamentable. #music #lethargy #BronzePomegranate


### 2022-01-09 00.05 UTC
I did another mix of Fehut Felu. I also redid the bass line during the 'transition'. Depending on what Chris does with his vocal part, I'm not sure much more can be done with this. It's WACKY. #music #PaganPark


### 2022-01-08 21.57 UTC
Podél Směrů is now on Bandcamp and Funkwhale for all the universe to absorb. #music #PodélSměrů


### 2022-01-07 20.45 UTC
Miniature #2 'Ptáci' is done. Oddly muted, it is! It seems like I didn't eq the highs correctly. That's fine. Time to move on. I'll remaster all of them at the end. #music #BronzePomegranate


### 2022-01-07 18.34 UTC
Today was the first intense practise (guitar) I've had since Covid struck me down Sobota. Amusingly, I worked on CAGED hovno and their relation to actual scales, though interspersed were speed studies and I need to get the muscles of my extremeties back in shape. #music #guitar


### 2022-01-07 03.20 UTC
A bit more of 'ptáci' emerge from the niggulum this evening. The end is a meandering fiiiis that is feed back upon itself and recursively modulated (Baklengs) until HIDEOUS. Space sounds cascade over its burbling form. #music #BronzePomegranate


### 2022-01-07 00.00 UTC
I began the second miniature 'Ptáci'. It has overlapping descending guitar lines that will harmonize somewhat and I hope also clash. I haven't planned them too elaborately. #music #BronzePomegranate


### 2022-01-06 16.59 UTC
The final mastering tweak to Feudal Fetish (and Podél Směrů, overall) was to sidechain compress the main track to the KO separately, as well as automate the EQ on the KO to get rid of the high swishing during the recurring 'drum'. Now just to listen through it all one more time! #music #PodélSměrů


### 2022-01-06 00.38 UTC
Perhaps I should wait to hear the whole album on my new closed back headphones, contrasting them to the Bayerdynamics (open back). Knowing Sweetwater, however, it may take seven millennia for them to arrive. Bastards. #music #audio #monitoring #PodélSměrů


### 2022-01-06 00.36 UTC
Yesterday evening, I sent an email to Zenapolae to ask were they interested in publishing Podél Směrů. I included links to John Newman's Severed Head Still Speaks and Wondering if the Bellows Will Blow. I'll write up the credits to the album in a bit (perhaps after this toot) and, as Chris finished the cover, get everything ready for release. #music #PodélSměrů


### 2022-01-06 00.34 UTC
I did a ditty called Palaeontology which may be the beginning of a semi-daily funkwhale agenda. In contrast to the drones of last month, these will be miniatures. #music #BronzePomegranate


### 2022-01-04 21.04 UTC
I'm the one Flying is 'finished', meaning I cobbled together all the guitar parts. If there is general approval by Renata, I'll do a definitive version. #music #renata


### 2022-01-04 18.55 UTC
I redid the chord melody of vlci AGAIN, plus increased the width of the stereo image on several of the tracks. #music #PodélSměrů


### 2022-01-04 17.09 UTC
I'm reworking the second melody recursive strategy on John Newman's Severed Head Still Speaks. I make an initial master yesterday of the whole album and am moderately happy with it. A few tweaks are in order. #music #PodélSměrů


### 2022-01-03 19.50 UTC
I integrated Kris's bass into Vlci and redid the arpeggio guitar part. Also, some questionable comping occurs in the midsection. #music #Podél Směrů


### 2022-01-02 16.37 UTC
This time the white noise is on purpose! #drone #music


### 2022-01-01 00.40 UTC
Drone 9 was plagued with the aforementioned and dreaded HISS, or high NOISE FLOOR. Where it is coming from exactly, I still don't know, but I suspect the compressor and Wampler. Putting the Tumnus before the compressor may have been a bad idea. I shall MODIFY it. In any case, I EQed much of it out to the point that it's really only noticeable during the beginning, very quiet part. #drone #music


### 2022-01-01 00.37 UTC
Wondering if the Bellows Will Blow seems at a finished state. I added a few sparse guitar tinkles here and there - nothing distracting - and swells and chords to accompany the flow. The real issue was getting rid of CLICKS and POPS. I couldn't eq them all out without fucking up part of the overall high end, but I futzed with it for quite a while. #music #Podél Směrů


### 2021-12-30 23.32 UTC
Chris's four part harmony is now integrated into John's Severed Head Still Speaks. It's brilliant. #music #PodélSměrů


### 2021-12-30 22.48 UTC
Oops. I just ordered a Mu-Tron Biphase II. #music #pedals


### 2021-12-30 21.51 UTC
Initially, I feel the eighth drone (Hup Jaum Hoziz) is uninspired. Do I have an excuse? Nah - fuck um. It's certainly different than what came before, although many Flavigula elements remain, which is the way it should be. The ever-present Argon8 noise backdrop can be an irritant. #drone #music


### 2021-12-30 17.30 UTC
I've finished the drafts of all guitar parts in I'm the One Flying except for the choruses. I'll get to those later. It sounds pretty spectacular. If #Renata gives approval, I'll rerecord everything so that the guitar is more 'uniform' throughout. #music


### 2021-12-30 03.37 UTC
Christian's vox are within the Vlcí construct now. Nothing more can be done. His idea of gradually increasing reverb at the end was a good one. #PodélSměrů #music


### 2021-12-30 01.19 UTC
I remixed Chris's vox on Pagan Park - Seminole, Texas (Dusk). I also added what I'd termed as a 'splash' immediately before it. I LIKE it. During the meandering second half (which I am immensely satisfied with), his footsteps also meander. I like the placement somewhat, but I'll have to relisten a number of times to know if their disappearance during the midst of the meandrance is apt or not... #music #PaganPark


### 2021-12-29 21.37 UTC
The seventh drone (Hup Jaum Sequmiz) was a noisy affair, consisting of the Kastle Drum creating arbitrary bursts of static and 'beats' into the Infinity Looper 2. I haven't listened to it yet, though I did post it on Funkwhale (after checking for HISSSSSS, of course). Perhaps it'll be tonight's lullaby. #music #drone


### 2021-12-29 21.35 UTC
Integrating Kris's TWO bass parts into John Newman's Severed Head Still Speaks was entertaining. The frequency ranges are going to make me have to redo at least the first organ part. I'll redo both, actually, with a bit more tweaking of the RESONANCE and possibly also use the Quasar. #PodélSměrů #music


### 2021-12-29 01.17 UTC
Hup Jaum Sisiz - the sixth drone - is finished. I couldn't implement some of Jayrope's suggestions, such as feeding some of my 'units' back upon themselves, as I don't have the proper cables here. The Raster and Polymoon can be tuned to self-oscillation, however, and the drone benefitted from such settings. As I listen, there is a persistent white noise throughout! The looper must have captured Herr Polymoon too often when it was near its self-oscillating state. So it goes. #drone #music


### 2021-12-28 23.17 UTC
The ambient intro to I'm the One Flying reminds me of the introduction to Lucky Leif and the Longships. #music #RobertCalvert #renata


### 2021-12-28 22.40 UTC
Oh, to relearn parts! Yup - I'm having to relearn some of the guitar parts to I'm the One Flying. I didn't write anything down, so I have to figure out my own stuff. For the most part, it's not difficult, though, because - well - it's the sort of thing I'd write. Also, on this newest version, Renata changed the lengths of some of the interludes where my 'solo' spots were before. #renata #music


### 2021-12-28 18.01 UTC
This morning has consisted of a mild headache as well as beginning once again on Renata's I'm the One Flying. I've recorded the first two guitar breaks, a short ambient intro and the atmospheric low parts during the first two verses. I'm semi-satisfied. I'll get to some of the remainder later today. #music #renata


### 2021-12-27 15.01 UTC
Since I'm going to Odessa today, I 'quickly' (it's 25 minutes long) created drone #5, initially using some of the ideas for the previous one, none of which worked out exactly as I wanted them to! I haven't listened to it yet, but I'm sure it is at least meditative (in part). #music #drone


### 2021-12-27 00.56 UTC
Drone four done! My original idea, which was bearly implemented at all, was to record various noises into a loop to make a 'beat structure' and drone over that. I had the polymoon set so that every sound was slightly faded in, so my plan came to naught! I still like the results, however, and the sort of looping I did with the Infinity 2 here (a bastardization of the plan) is certainly feasible for future improvisations Another success, I believe, are the transations between keys. #music #drone


### 2021-12-26 23.52 UTC
I'm adding as little as possible to Wondering if the Bellows Will Blow, as the flow is very pleasureable as-is. There is the low synth part that beckoned from the niggulum to be stated, a slow arpeggiation of Em6 (g c# b e). I'll have to listen through carefully to hear if it coheres. Sparse guitar 'flurries' (I laughingly call them flurries) occur at times, but they (hopefully) do not detract from the flow. #PodélSměrů #music


### 2021-12-26 14.36 UTC
I'm finally finishing up the #gemini #twtxt search feature.


### 2021-12-26 14.17 UTC
My #twtxt / #gemini paging system creates a first page that is inevitably shorter than the rest of the pages. Why? Well, The twtxt file begins with the oldest twtxt. It's parsed into pages as it's read. Obivously the most recent entries will be on the shortest page. Is this a problem? Not necessarily. Can I easily 'fix' it? I have yet to come up with a manner which doesn't involve initially sucking in the whole file. #elixir


### 2021-12-26 01.52 UTC
I'm listening to Hup Jaum Tiriz (Drone #3). It's sufficiently different than the first two to make me crack a simper. I did this one in several tracks, the first being the synth and the 'Pa!'. There are two tracks of guitar, but they are relatively sparse. #music #drone


### 2021-12-26 01.51 UTC
I spent a good part of the day trying to organise the synth parts on Feudal Fetish. In the end, I think the piece is finished. I'll have to listen back in a few days with a clearer mind to make sure. #music #PodélSměrů




=> gemini://thurk.org/index.gmi jenju (Thurk.Org home)

CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
@flavigula@sonomu.club

